a lot of Esports monitors are kind of
stuck in the past that's why Sony
sponsored this video so we could unbox
their
m10s a 480 HZ 27 in 1440p OLED gaming
monitor that has a bunch of cool Pro
features and can shrink down to a nice
24 1/2 in size for those of you major
CS2 or valerant Players let's see what's
in the box we've got part of the stand
something I'm actually really keen on
they partnered with fanatic to try to
make something that's uh just perfect
for Esports we'll we'll see why later
but it's really small and they have a
really thin base so you can put a
keyboard on it uh here's the other part
the big column column also has oh it's
so hard to when there's no weight on it
but it's also got measurements so you
can actually tick off where exactly you
like all right let's find our actual
panel here we've got a really small
cable here for power so no C13 that's
what a C7 or a C8 we've also got a
display port cable uh one cool feature
is that it is display port 2.1 it's only
uh br10 um I would love to see full fat
bit rate but you know what the reality
is DSC is pretty good um so it should be
fine for the vast vast majority of you
here's the other half of our power nice
big power brick so it's not staying in
the monitor then finally we've got a
handy dandy setup guide shows that you
can route some cables through the stand
that's nice and it looks like a color
accuracy report looks relatively good
we'll get into more of what our results
are there's actually they just have a
gamma curve and a grayscale tracking so
I would have liked to see some kind of
Delta e2000 color accuracy report but
whatever we'll uh we we tested it
ourselves we'll talk about that later ah
here we go oh it's so thin let's get our
cover off you can see here why the stand
is actually so cool look how thin that
is you can put a keyboard on that no
problem you can get right up close it's
got tons of maneuverability it's
actually got 360°
swivel wow I think that's one of the
first times I've ever seen a full 360
swivel that isn't like kind of truncated
in the way that it'll go like this and
it'll go like that but it's kind of
stuck somewhere this is a full you can
spin that all the way around you spin me
right round baby uh the only thing is it
can't pivot don't get me wrong it's a
480 HZ gaming monitor you're not going
to want to Pivot it into portrait mode
99 times out of 100 but what if 5 years
from now you're still using it and
something even crazier we got we got
thousand Herz monitors now you want to
turn this into like a little side
portrait monitor that's not an option
instead you're going to have to sell it
get something else cuz uh it's just not
going to Pivot for you look at how thin
that panel is and then the box with all
of the electronics controls and stuff
it's actually pretty nice they've also
got a multi-layer thermal cooling
solution this thing can do 1,300 nits
and it should keep it nice and cool one
thing I forgot to mention is the level
of tilt it's actually not bad uh
surprising amount of tilt up if you
really wanted to I typically just kind
of keep mine basically flat or maybe
tilted down if they're a little higher
up I'm also surprised I thought for sure
just based on pictures that this would
be either like really back or front
heavy but it's pretty solid honestly I
don't think anyone's going to like knock
this over as for buttons and whatnot
we've got a nice power button dedicated
power button and then what appears to be
yep navigation nipple or nubbin on the
back this is actually probably my
favorite combination I don't like when
the navigation nipples is also the power
button as for I/O we've got a 3 and 12
mm headphone jack couple of usba a ports
usbb two HDMI inputs One display port
and then we've got our power and an
extra usba that I actually like how
they've labeled this it is specifically
for updates so the whole shell looks
pretty good but how does it look turned
on let's fire it up and take a look we
got it all fired up looks pretty good
let's make sure it's actually set to
what we wanted to
$479.99 baby
10 bit color oh I don't want 10 bit I'm
an SDR I want to change this to HDR cuz
with the beauty of OLED is that it looks
incredible in HDR Windows not so much
but as soon as we put content on I
promise it'll actually look really good
yeah there we go 10 bit baby 27 in is
pretty typical for most of you it feels
a little bit uh small to me now I'm used
to a 32 in so you know we're gaming
though we're going to we're we're
competitively gaming let's get this in
here oh yeah and and then check this out
keyboard fits right over top let's play
some
CS2 the nice thing about 1440p at 27 in
is that you've got a pretty good pixel
density it's about 110 PPI and uh this
thing I'm not in it yet but it should be
able to go to a cool 24 and 1/2 in mode
so even though I'm this closed now
that's too much but when it's down to
this that should be like actually pretty
okay so let's set it to our
24.5 in oh Center or bottom that's cool
so you can have we'll let's see what
Center looks like but it's probably
right in the middle this is way better I
highly recommend
changing the size of the screen outside
of game uh don't do it mid because
you're going to end up with some really
weird
issues um but this honestly looks pretty
cool it's pretty good you got some black
bars you can put centered if you wanted
to um but I'm pretty happy with it
overall and I'm happy with how good the
screen looks because it's a 480 HZ OLED
display so we're talking about lightning
fast pixel response times I think they
advertise something like 0.03
millisecond grade a gray um you've got
480 HZ so uh everything is going to be
fed to you at a very quick rate to the
point where like Clarity motion Clarity
especially along with those near instant
pixel response times it's just perfect
like you flick your mouse and your
screen just looks great um it's also got
g-sync if you want to I think that you
know when you're rocking a 480 HZ
monitor at this price point which we'll
talk about in a little bit you're
probably going to be using a pretty big
graphics card alongside it and I don't
know how much you're really going to
need adaptive sync cuz you're not really
going to be in the like 60 to even 120
Herz uh or 120 FPS range most of the
time I think it's totally fine one thing
that's really cool though if you for
some reason maybe it's the contrast and
you just want to boost everything you
love the look of a TN panel you can turn
on FPS Pro mode which lets you practice
on a simulated LC CD before you get
wrecked in the next CS2 tournament
everything's just kind of boosted
there's not a lot of contrast if you're
playing fpss and you want to see in
every dark shadowed area this is
probably the mode for you I don't think
it looks the best but I love a lot of
contrast it's an OLED panel it should be
able to do like a million to1 contrast
ratio with those perfectly deep blacks
especially with a 1300 it's Peak
brightness rating that's strong let's
try FPS Pro Plus uh this mode should
highlight enemies or outline them okay
we're playing Halo now where G where
enemies actually have outlines to them
unlike counter- strike and uh we've got
the FPS Pro Plus mode turned on and I've
got to say it's very noticeable how
outlined they are and from a competitive
standpoint okay sure I get it that's
going to give you an edge but just from
a visual standpoint I'm not a huge fan
but I love immersion I'm not trying to
win every time whereas like but but if
that's what you want it's going to help
you do that this man can't hit a single
shot no I hit him a bunch of times there
what are you talking about sure as for
just gaming on this monitor it looks
really good uh I don't know how else to
say it when you finally get to try OLED
with a high refresh rate and HDR content
it just looks incredible you have such
massive contrast your scenes look
perfectly highlighted where every pixel
is a dimming Zone um it's nice and sharp
thanks to the decently High PPI for
1440p at 27 in and 480 HZ you're really
there's not much that's faster than that
there's a couple monitors at 500 and uh
maybe 540 if you overclock them and
that's about it right now so okay the
gaming looks great but what if you're
using this for more than just Esports
let's check out HDR footage if you do
happen to buy this as an Esports monitor
there's a huge Plus in that being a nice
new OLED display with micr lens array
plus the HDR experience for whether
you're watching Youtube with HDR or
movies or honestly most modern AAA games
it's going to be really good it just
looks so Crystal Clear it looks very
color accurate which we'll touch on in a
bit here and it's just a fantastic
experience I feel like a lot of people
try HDR with a bad Monitor and they
don't really get it like ah it looks
like weird or bright or whatever not in
a good way you've really got to try it
on either a high-end mini LED with a ton
of zones or OLED and that's when you'll
get that real experience and you'll kind
of just click with HDR once you actually
experience really good HDR I find it
hard to go back one great feature that
they've got is their inzone Hub and it's
pretty good we got our display settings
display HDR Cinema game check your
brightness stabilizer you know change
brightness and contrast everything
through nice little sliders okay setting
could not be changed I that's oh that's
because it's HDR you can't usually mess
with contrast and HDR that's fine those
are usually set to pretty rigid
standards anyway but if you're an you
can do just about whatever you want
change the gamma curve crank the
sharpness down I don't know why you'd
want to but you could brightness right
here boom it takes a second to like
think about it and make the changes but
it does the OSD itself with a navigation
nipple is perfectly serviceable for
whatever reason say your computer isn't
running and you want to change modes on
the OSD that's totally fine uh pretty
simple system you know you just have a
list and then you go over and make a
selection um they have a lot of options
for you in terms of testing results it
ended up being pretty good and
essentially hit all of what they
actually stayed on the box we got about
12296 nits of Max brightness which is
basically right on the money for their
1300 nits claim as for color accuracy
and SDR mode we measured a very
impressive Delta e2000 average of 64
with a Max of just 1.27 as for HDR hlg
our best measurements were done in in
cinema mode where we measured an average
Delta e ITP of just 11.24 with a Max of
27.7 for that's pretty good for Delta
eitp finally as for latency it's great
it's an OLED it's 480 HZ we're measuring
just a bit over the theoretical perfect
and then when it comes to end to end
it's barely adding anything so you're
just going to have a really solid gaming
experience and there's no way you're
going to feel any kind of lag or latency
when you're trying to interface with the
display the real question is how much
does it cost well it's not cheap it's
$1,100 however if you basically want the
best of the best plus all of these super
cool Pro features and this really Sleek
stand that can do a 360° swivel that I
haven't seen on like any other high-end
display at least not nothing recent this
is kind of it and if you're willing to
pay for it I think it's a pretty solid
buy thanks so much to Sony for
sponsoring this video if you want to
check out a video with another product
of theirs we've got the M9 that we
looked at last year and if you want this
guy you can pick it up at the link in
the description below